# This is Python application for keeping records in the student service. The application provides work with the following entities: </br> - student is described by index number, first name, last name, parent's name, date of birth, JMBG number (Unique Citizens Identity Number), address, phone number, email and the current year of study. There cannot be two students with the same index number or JMBG number (Unique Citizens Identity Number). The file with the list of students is updating automatically by the application, after executing the appropriate commands. </br> - representative of student service is described by his first name, last name, username and password.

# After starting the application, the representative of student service can only log in to the system by entering a username and password. After a successful logging in to the application system, he can do the following: </br> 1) finding a student by index number. After executing this command, data about the student with the given index number is displayed. </br> 2) finding a student by last name. After executing this command, data about the student with the given last name is displayed. </br> 3) viewing all students sorted by last name. </br> 4) change of address, phone number and email address of the student. When executing this command, the representative of student service enters the index number of the student whose data are changed and then new data. </br> 5) students enrollment to the first year of study (new student enrollment who was not previously recorded in the system). </br> 6) group enrollment of students for the next year of study. After the index numbers of those students who enroll the following year are entered, the information about the current year of study is incremented for each of them. </br> 7) deleting a student: the representative of student service enters the student's index number. A student with that index number is removing from the system.
